First, I created a register and log in page that was essentially identical to the one from the Finance PSet. On the register page, I first do some validation. If the user passes the validation, I insert their username and password hash into the users table. On the log in page, I first do some validation. Then I check that the user has inputted a username and password hash combination that already exists. If the user inputs a valid combination, I remember their log-in via the session variable and direct them to the homepage. Once on the homepage, there is a log out button that will log out the user by clearing the session variable. 

The homepage displays the user's team by passing a list of dictionaries that include the players on the user's team into the homepage html page. Then in the homepage html page, I use a for loop with Jinja to display all the player names, positions, and trade values in the page. 

The "Add Players to Team" page works by first validating the user's input. If the user's input passes these validation checks, it will add the player into the user's team by adding the player-to-user's team relationship to the joint users_players table. This joint table tracks the relationship between players and user teams, allowing for a many-to-many relationship to be tracked.

The "Drop Players from Team" page first has the user's team passed into it when the "Get" method is called. The HTML code then uses jinja to display the user's team in the form's dropdown menu. In the python code, it first does some validation. Then if it passes the validation test, it deletes the player-user relationship on the users_players table. 

The "Evaluate Trades" page first uses has the user's team passed into it when the "Get" method is called. The HTML code then uses jinja to display the user's team in the form's dropdown menus that are present on the left side. On the python side, the code first puts the form results into an empty list called "values". It then does validation checks on the form results. After these validation results, it sets any null value (meaning the user did not fill out this section of the form) to 0. It then calculates who won the trade by adding the trade values of the players on both sides of the trade and comparing them. After this comparison, the "result" variable is updated with a string and this string is passed into the "result.html" page. This result page displays the result variable using jinja to tell the user who won the trade. 
